---
layout:     post
title:      Retemper mini chocolate bars in batch
subtitle:   
date:       2023-02-22
author:     Shu
header-img: img/post-bg-balloons.jpg
catalog:    false
tags:
    - Chocolate
    - Temper
    
---

	Chocolate bars I received from chocolate tasting course were melted during the shipment.  
	(图 1). 
	Usually, I would just eat the untempered chocolate bars. Not as delicious as tempered one, yet I understand those little while dots has no hard to health. However, these particular chocolate bars are for tasting purpose, I need a way to fix this to have a better tasting experience.   
	The difficulty part is that there are about 30 mini chocolate bars. If I put one chocolate bar in the bowl to do a bowl temper, most of chocolate would probably stick to the surface of bowl. Even if I manage to temper and collect a small part of chocolate, I don’t want to repeat this process 30 times. I need to find a way to temper these chocolate bars in the original plastic bag.  


#### Attempt 1: silk temper method

The easiest way I experience to temper is making cocoa butter silk. (https://chocolatealchemy.com/how-to-make-cocoa-butter-silk) 
	All I need to do is leaving cocoa butter in incubator at 33.6°C(92.5°F) for 24 hours. After 24 hours, cocoa butter is well tempered and can be used as seed. My hope is that it might will also work with chocolate. 
	So I tried it. 
	After 24 hours, I found that this method did not work.


#### Attempt 2: normal temper workflow with help of incubator

Although first attempt did not work out, I still hope to use incubator to temper. With incubator, I can temper 30 chocolate bars together. 
	Luckily, this time it worked! 
	Here are the steps I did to retemper mini chocolate bars in batch.

	Step1: Put them in a bigger food-safe water proof plastic bag. Then put the bag in warm water to melt chocolate.
	
	（图2）

	Step2: After chocolate bars are melted, move the bag into incubator which hold the temperature at 28°C. Immerse the chocolate part of bag into water, and wait for 15 mins. 

	(图3）


	Step3: Increase the incubator temperature to 32°C and wait for another 15 mins.

	Step4: Take the bag out, and put it in the fridge until chocolate become solid. 

	Although chocolate bars are not in nice shape, but they are tempered. Chocolate bars have shiny surface and have snap sound when break them. The mouth feel also becomes smooth again. This retemper process achieved my goal. If you are hoping to get a better looking bar, you can try to fit the chocolate liquid into a mold before put into the fridge. 

